#HTML 
Learning outcomes:

	- Aside from links, [[<button>]] and [[form elements]] are the main tools for building controls for users to interact with your sites.
	- >**Notes **: There are a lot of input types and form features not explicitly mentioned here; the purpose is to get a good general introduction to buttons and form elements, and learn the most common cases. The  advanced/specialized cases can be studied on a need-to-know basis, as part of a web developer's
	- constant learning throughout their career.
	- [[<button>]]:
		- Button types — `button`, `submit`, and `reset`.
		- Why reset buttons are nearly always a bad idea.
	- Common [[<input>]] types — `text`, `number`, `file`, `checkbox`, `radio`, `password`, `search`, and `submit`.
	- Common attributes — `name` and `value`.
	- [[Client-side validation]] basics — `required`, `min`, `max`, `minlength`, `maxlength`, and `pattern`.
	  
	  > **Notes**: Make sure to understand that client-side form validation is really a usability enhancement, to be used alongside server-side form validation. It is not a substitute for it.
	- Making forms accessible — Correct semantics, [[<label>]], and the `for` attribute.
		- **Notes**:
			- >*Going back to the argument for semantic HTML (see also [2.2 Good document structure](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/curriculum/core/semantic-html/#2.2_good_document_structure)), you should understand why it is important to use the right element for the right job. For example, use a [[<button>]] to submit your form, and not a `<div>` programmed to behave like a [[<button>]].
			- >*Understand the features programmed into [[<button>]]s and form elements by the browser by default, and how important they are. Examples include keyboard accessibility, focus outlines, and semantic meaning for AT to identify the elements and communicate their meaning.
	- [[Form states]] and why they are important — `:focus`, `:readonly`, `:disabled`, etc.
	- `<textarea>`.
	- `<select>` and `<option>`.
	- `<form>` elements:
	    -[[ Form submission]]: what happens when a form is submitted.
		- The difference between submission methods — `GET`, `POST`, etc.
- Resources:
	- [Web forms — Working with user data](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Forms)
	- [[What are web forms?]]
	- [[Web form building blocks]]
-
-